You are watching a life-impacting message preached by Bishop Richard Iey.
Bishop Richard Iey is the pastor of the First Love Church London, a denomination founded by Bishop Dag Hewitt Mills.
The First Love Church is full of zealous young people who love and desire to work for the Lord.
You will be encouraged and uplifted as you listen to this powerful message.
Welcome to First Love Church, the best place to be on a Sunday.
I am so excited for what God has installed for us this week.
There are going to be amazing ministrations from the film stars, Greater Love Choir, Dancing Stars and so many more.
We will then hear life-changing preaching from our pastor, Bishop Richard Iey.
Last week, Bishop Richard taught an amazing message titled, The Great Commission According to James.
This is such a relevant message as it taught us about being a sole winner in the year of the Great Commission.
This year, I know it is going to be an even more powerful message.
Be sure to like and comment.
We would love to hear what is blessing you.
Without further ado, let's go straight into the service.
It's testimony time.
And I have a beautiful testimony for you today.
How many of you really enjoyed the testimonies last week?
They're very encouraging, aren't they?
Well today, that beautiful choir that just sung, I have a member of that choir who is going to share his testimony with you.
So I want you to clap your hands and put, or welcome rather, not put your hands together.
To clap your hands is to put your hands together, isn't it?
Okay, so put your hands together for our brother, Andrade!
Wow.
Hey!
I like your shirt.
The shirt is working, isn't it?
So this is Andrade, also known as the happiest member in the Greater Love Choir.
If you ever come to church and you're feeling sad when the choir is singing, just look at Andrade and you'll be okay.
So tell us who you are and what your testimony is about.
My name is Andrade.
And I am from the Great Hall of Gospel Choir.
And I'm part of the Greenwich Every Hill Center.
And what's your testimony about?
My testimony is about how listening to Bishop healed my relationship with my dad.
Wow.
So tell us, where does it stop?
Yeah, it started when I was born.
That's true.
It's true.
So tell us what happened when you were born.
Yeah, so when I was four months old, my dad had to leave.
He had to go to Brazil to study.
And I only remember having a picture with him.
holding me, but I didn't have any memory about him.
And he stood there, like he was there for around 10 years.
So when he came back, I was already 10 years old.
But my mind was already developed and I was asking him a lot of questions, a lot of questions about his absence.
And he was thinking that my mom was telling me things to ask him.
but I was talking with him alone.
And since then, it's like my mom always allowed me to desire or to have like a heart that will love him.
But unfortunately, when he came back, I don't know what happened, but he didn't feel the gap.
Okay.
So you were very cold towards him.
You didn't have any kind of relationship at all.
And then what happened?
What happened is like we end up like having many arguments.
So from the age of 10, like to
Yeah, to the other ages.
You were older.
Yeah, so.
So from 10 years older.
Yeah, so it's like, it went to the critical point that it's like we were living on the same city, but we were like without talking for around a year, like no relationship, no talking or nothing.
And it was really hard for me because I was trying my best.
And then it's like, I don't know about you guys, but in Africa, when you are a son,
You need to go after your dad.
You need to try to make everything work.
But it wasn't working.
It wasn't working.
Okay, so what changed?
We had a meeting with Bishop.
And Bishop was... That's Bishop Richard.
Yeah, Bishop Richard.
Yeah.
And in the meeting, Bishop was stressing a lot about our relationship with our dad, our relationship with our fathers.
And then at the beginning I didn't understood, I didn't understand like exactly what it means, but it's like I went to Colossians 320.
Yeah.
And, and then it's like, and, and it's very powerful because he's saying children obey your parents and all things, but because it's, it's well implicit to the Lord.
And, and it was a problem because he was not saying anything for me to obey.
So when I was going to honor your father and your mother in Exodus 2012, I was like, how can I honor you if you don't say nothing to me?
And then it was there when the Holy Spirit explained me the meaning of honor.
And honor means according to the Holy Spirit.
Yeah.
Ona means seeking opportunities to obey.
From that point, I sent a voice note to my father and I was saying to him that I will not allow anyone on this earth to benefit more from your advice than me.
And since the moment I said like that, I need you to guide me.
I need you to give me some advice.
I know that I'm about to finish uni and probably you are thinking that I don't need you, but I need you to guide me.
I need you to guide me.
So, yeah.
So how has your relationship changed?
Yeah.
My relationship with him changed so much because like I'm in London for around six years and he never came.
He never came to see me or to say something, but last year, he came.
So at the end of last year, he came to visit you.
He spent time with you.
Did he give you advice?
Yeah, he gave me advice from business to how to choose a wife.
Hey!
Wow!
So how would you encourage anybody that's heard your testimony?
So I would encourage everyone that is here
If you have a problem with your parents, just learn that we need to do the great commandment.
So we need to preach to the nations.
But how can you preach to the nations if you still have a problem at home?
So we need to speed up in solving the problems that we have at home.
So whenever we are standing up to preach in somewhere, no one can appoint, oh, but you don't talk with your dad, but you don't talk with your mom.
Wow.
Clap for Andrade.
He's not just a smiling face in the choir, but he hears from the Holy Spirit.
Amen.
What a testimony.
I'm encouraged.
Beautiful.
Well, I have another group for you, a small one.
I always remind you whenever they're coming that they're one of the most
internationally liked groups in the church.
There are videos of them everywhere by Monday morning.
So I want you to put your hands together and welcome the Pulpit Stars.
nothing do you feel the same oh are you sleeping do you know that we've come to the most important time of the service when you see seller singing you should know that we're coming up to the main part of the meal the main course you know you have your starter some of you have a snack in between
But this is the main part of the meal.
Amen.
And I believe that after hearing that song, today you will not be good for nothing.
But you are becoming great for something.
Amen.
So I want you to clap your hands and with a shout unto God, welcome our pastor, Bishop Richard
Thank you, Jesus.
Let us pray.
Father, we want to thank you for this blessed opportunity to be in your presence, to be in your house and to hear your word.
Please anoint your word today, Lord.
Let our lives be affected.
Let our lives be blessed, Lord.
Let our lives be changed.
Thank you for this great blessing to be in church and to hear your word.
In Jesus' name, amen.
God bless you all.
Take your seats.
The great commission according to Timothy.
Okay.
So we're going to continue sharing on the great commission.
Are you blessed with this series of messages?
on the great commission, the last words of our savior, Jesus Christ.
How many of you here are Christians?
So do you have regard for the last words of your savior, Jesus Christ?
We must have regard for it.
Last words are very important words.
Last words are very important.
The last words of
The last words of anybody are very, very important and very key.
When someone dies, one of the things that people are interested in is, what did he say?
Isn't it?
What did he say?
Did he say anything?
And people are always interested in what he said.
So people sometimes, people even make up things that somebody has said that he didn't say.
It's like he said this.
He said, oh, we had him saying this.
So the last words are very important.
The last words of Jesus were, go ye therefore and teach all nations.
I think Jesus will be very surprised to see a lot of believers not going anywhere.
Not going anywhere and not desiring to go anywhere.
And not interested in going anywhere and finding it funny when people go somewhere.
Hallelujah.
So I'm saying to us that we have to really believe and know about the Great Commission.
Do you understand?
I was actually going to start talking about something else, but I thought I should talk about the Great Commission again.
Yes, I'm if you're happy that we're talking about the Great Commission.
Yes, I feel you should hear about the Great Commission again and again and again.
and to know that we believe in the Great Commission.
Actually, if you don't believe the Great Commission, you have to find another church.
Yeah, you have to.
And you should.
Because you end up being here and be grumbling that every day Great Commission.
It is every day Great Commission.
It's going to be commissioning until it's commissioned.
Are you understanding what I'm saying?
Yes.
Here, it is a Great Commission.
I mean, if you are happy that it is a great commission.
Yes, the great commission.
We're into winning of souls, saving souls, directing souls to Jesus.
If we're not into winning of souls, do you know you wouldn't be here?
Do you know how sad and pathetic it is that after you are saved, then you will think that the great commission is not important anymore or winning of souls is not important anymore.
and then you want the church to change and become and start talking about other things.
It's like after you are saved, everybody else should go to hell.
And your little petty insignificant issues is what the church should major on.
Not even the church, it's what God should major on.
It's like God, stop everything else.
Now come and fix me up.
I need longer nails.
I want a brother chest.
I want a husband.
I need a wife who smiles.
A wife who loves.
I need a guy who spends some money.
It's like you're mentally retarded.
Spiritually mentally retarded.
Because you are saved.
And you don't like a message on the Great Commission.
When you hear this, it's like almost as if it's a joke.
I mean, not you, but if somebody is like that.
I know you are not like that.
Are you like that?
No.
But I feel like preaching it some more so that I'll be sure that you are not like that.
Because that's our theme for the year.
For the whole year, as you preach it from now till 31st night.
Yes.
And you see, this year, make sure that you win a soul.
And those of you that believe that you have a calling for missions, make sure that you pack your bags and go on the missions.
Yes.
The amen was almost nonexistent.
You don't want to be good for nothing.
Do you want to be good for nothing?
That is, there's nothing that you can be good for.
Yes.
So, the great commission according to, according to who?
Timothy.
Okay, according to Timothy.
According to Timothy.
I almost said according to James.
But James was last week, isn't it?
Yeah, James was last week.
Today is Timothy.
Because all of them
Why are we going through all this?
Because all these important wonderful apostles and whatnot paid attention to the last words of Jesus, which had sent Taylor, missionary to China, described as the Great Commission.
The Great Commission.
He described that this is a Great Commission.
What Jesus said finally is that His commissioning all Christians that don't just sit there
Don't just sit there and be happy and be excited and manage your little petty, insignificant, non-soul saving vain desires.
Don't, don't do that.
Why do you want to do that?
Why do you even want to do that?
Why don't you say, go to hell?
You say, well, I've been said go to, but not responding to the great commission.
It's like saying to the whole world that go to hell.
You can perish.
Now I've got nails to grow.
Yes.
Anyway, according to Timothy.
So second Timothy chapter four.
How many of you enjoy the prayer time?
How many of you said you enjoyed it?
I wasn't looking, I wasn't checking.
Okay, for the month of January, perhaps even into February, this hour itself is going to be the first hour.
It's going to be prayer.
First hour.
So, if again, again, if you don't like prayer, you can come around this time, because around this time I've started preaching.
Okay, so if you don't like prayer, you just want you are into
You're into the word, you want the word, yes.
Then you can come around this time.
So you can look at the, as you are watching now and you see that this is the time I should go to church.
This time and by now they stopped praying.
Yes, because, yes, three, three, thirty, they'll be preaching.
So you can come around that time.
If you don't like prayer, but we'll be here from one thirty.
Yes.
Praying and binding and receiving blessings.
So you have to make sure that you are early and if you've been coming late and you would like to pray to you means that you have to change and come early because one thirty on the dot prayer begins prayer begins and something is going to it's going to change in your life there's going to be a turn around in your life turn around so make sure that you are here and you are around from one thirty
PM if you don't like just around three three thirty Masala will be singing if you like music and the way to be singing as they come come and sing with their then Afterward to hear the word and then you give an offering and you go home So second Timothy chapter four and I'm reading from verse one Can you see is it clear?
It's not so clear for me too, the same.
I think it's because of this line of light.
Okay.
Just this line.
Is it better?
Okay, it says that I charge thee therefore, so if you can't see, that's why you have to bring your own Bible to church, okay?
You must have your own Bibles.
I have my own Bible.
Is it better?
Okay, but you must still have your own Bible.
Okay.
Well, let's go through today's message very quickly.
I charge thee therefore before God and the Lord Jesus Christ, who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing in his kingdom.
Verse two, preach the word, be instant in season,
and out of season.
Reprove, rebuke, exalt with all longsuffering, and doctrine.
Okay?
There's three.
For the time will come when they will not endure some doctrine, but after their own lasts, they heaped to themselves, teachers having itching ears.
Okay, there's four.
And they shall turn away their ears from the truth and shall be turned onto fables.
But watch now, in all things, and dear afflictions, do the work of an evangelist.
Make full proof of thy ministry.
Verse 6, for I am now ready to be offered, and the time of my departure is at hand."
So here is Paul writing to his son Timothy, and this is definitely the second letter.
That's why it's called second Timothy.
He's saying to him that before he is of telling him that, look, I'm about to die.
The time of my departure is at hand.
He starts off by telling him to do the work of an evangelist.
Preach in season, out of season, and do afflictions.
These are the important things to do.
Before this, he's written 1 Timothy, chapter 1, chapter 2, chapter 3, chapter 4.
He's written 2nd, chapter 5, chapter 6.
He's come to 2 Timothy, the whole letter.
As well, talking about different, if you read him, it's a very, very interesting book.
The tool is very, very interesting.
He's written different things to him.
Now he says, I am ready to be offered.
It's like now I'm leaving.
As I'm leaving the world, the important thing you have to do is to make sure that you brush your teeth every morning.
It's to make sure that you wake up on time and go to work.
To make sure that you love your wife.
Son Timothy, make sure that you love your wife and live happily ever after.
But you see, for some Christians, that's all that Christianity is about.
It's like, me, wife, that is it.
I'm done.
Everybody else, without saying everybody else to hell.
To hell.
Husband, wife, child, first child.
What do you like for a first child?
Son or daughter?
Son.
I like daughter.
Yeah, yeah.
Daughter, first, second, son.
Yes.
It's a good arrangement.
Second arrangements.
I don't know why he won't stand first, but I got to do with him.
I don't know, they both of them are in the world.
Whichever order they came, both have come.
What's the problem?
Why are you arguing with me in your head that you want a son?
You want a son first?
What's the problem?
San fest, daughter second, daughter first, son second, the two of them are in the world.
The two of them are in the world.
It's nice to have an older sister.
No, no, no.
The other way around is go to have a younger brother because you're able to send him.
Yes.
He will do a lot of things for you.
And he will respect you.
Because you are older.
So when you tell him, go here, go here.
So what we say, you come first.
You don't understand what I'm saying is you come first.
Yes.
Because you can send him.
And at a certain age, young boys or young men, they have some sense of responsibilities.
Like I have to do a lot of things.
They'll drive you here, take you here, do this for you.
And you are just there with your legs crossed.
I'm telling you what, I've seen it before.
So if you really like your daughter, let her come first.
Like if you have the power to bring her to a camp first, let your son come and tell you that all you have to say to your son is a look after her.
Look after her.
When she says, going to complete, just say quiet.
Do what she says.
She's your big sister.
Quiet.
Even look at her.
But if you're the younger one, pray about it.
How can you send your big brother?
You just have to pray that God touches his heart.
But you know how you are.
It's not easy.
You see, when the scripture says that husband love your wife, it doesn't come easily.
Yes, that's why it's an instruction.
And when he says that wives submit yourself to your husbands too, it's also not a natural thing.
Wives are not naturally submissive.
They are naturally talk back and sub back, explain.
Those are the scripture says that no, it's like shut up, sit down.
That's what the scripture is saying.
It's like quiet.
And then he is saying to the husbands too,
love her okay love her love her don't don't consider so much of her things because love beareth all things love suffereth long have you read about love before love suffereth long yes love beareth no record of evil it means that evil will be done to you but don't keep it on record
Love is not easily provoked.
So don't get easily irritated with her.
Just be calm.
Go to many homes.
Most husbands have phlegmatics at home.
Because if they are not, they can't love.
You have to become.
Your marriage will be a two-day wonder.
Yes, you have to, you have to flagmatize.
Do you understand, flagmatize?
You have to flagmatize everything.
As though you can't see, you can't feel.
What's happening, what's happening behind me?
But people are comparing notes.
But these kind of people who are saying, I'm putting my food down, you should see.
They are not happy.
Your foot is on the ground and you're not happy.
Keep it in the air and be happy.
Anyway, that's a little Bible study.
One of my husband's, love your wives.
You should know what love means.
You should know the project he's been given.
Yeah, it's a project.
It's not unnatural.
It's more natural when you see her and you are not married and you are burning.
It's like, wow, you see some flowers, she's so nice, I'm marrying you.
But after that, when you have eaten, I mean, after you have eaten, you still want food to eat.
When you have eaten and you now start seeing the things, you say, hey,
You see, one day, I was driving out of my house.
And my neighbor, my neighbor, then he was 70 years old.
He stood in the driveway in front of his house.
He stood in front.
It's almost like I can't go.
So he stopped me.
So I stopped.
Usually when I get out, slow down and just say hi, you know, the little tit chat about the weather and about nothing.
this.
But this one, he stood, he stopped.
He stopped.
And I said, what does this old man want?
That he came round to my window.
And he just, he would just stand, you know, he would just stand by there and just be talking.
But this one, he put his head inside my car.
Because I remember I tried to turn and go back in because like, he's a bit on me.
And he said, he said, he said was in, in my car.
Even as he said was in the car, he was whispering.
He said, he said, what is it about them that he did this about them?
That when we put them band on their finger, then they change so much.
What is it?
And I was looking at the terminal, I was wondering, what's happening to him today?
What's happening?
Then he started, he said, did you see him then today?
She said, no, no, no, no, no.
Then he said, he said, before, before me, we married them.
They are all over us like a rush.
I think he could see that I was hysterical.
I didn't know what to say.
Then at the point he spoke, he said, I'm sure he's the same with you.
I'm sure he's the same in your house.
I'm sure he's the same.
He said, what is it?
When we put the band on, the band, then they change.
Before, he said before.
They are like measles or chicken pox.
Or an allergic reaction.
I said, yeah, it's true.
It's true.
Then he said, you are a man of the cloth.
You should understand.
So why?
What is it?
You should know these things.
And I was looking at him, 70.
What advice can I give him this morning?
I said, to be well, OK?
To be OK. To be OK. Don't worry, to be OK.
The measles will come back.
The rush will come back.
To be OK. Don't worry.
Relax.
But that's how it is.
You think that it's not like that, but it's like that.
You have to know how to enjoy it.
You have to master and develop the art of enjoying what
you were not expecting.
Because you have what you were expecting, plus extra.
And the extra is what you are not expecting.
As for what you're expecting, you have it, hopefully.
You get what you've seen, but you get what you have been seen.
Exactly.
Stop each time.
Extra.
That's always a little extra.
That things are happening.
How did I get into all these stories?
Timothy, isn't it?
So let's see what Timothy said about the Great Commission.
And don't just end life on what job you have, what degrees you have, who you got married to.
No, you should marry.
Marriage is nice.
If you don't marry, you will not be happy.
You always be looking at us as we are married and you be jealous.
So I pray that you also marry.
Amen.
And you will marry.
So when you start your things, I will just remind you that you remember this is it.
This is it.
This is how it is.
So brother, play on.
I'll just say brother, play on.
Play on.
There's nothing to do.
Nobody was asking me about his church.
They sent me a lot of messages in the middle of the night.
I said, brother, because he was talking about his church members.
This one has done this, and this one is like this.
So what should I do, Bishop?
I said, brother, you want to turn yourself into a magician?
This is how it is.
Have you not read the book?
I said, people are ungrateful.
People are forgetful.
It's in a book, all right?
It's in a book before you started your church.
lay people in the militia.
It was written years ago, many, many years ago.
In the things, all the things you are describing, that's out there.
You will laugh them, they will not say thank you.
You will care for them, they will just walk out on you.
So say, brother, don't be heartbroken.
Don't be heartbroken.
Don't be, don't even be disturbed.
Continue winning more souls, continue preaching.
Most people will be grateful.
Most people will say thank you.
Most people will be faithful.
Most people will be loyal.
But some...
I pray it will not be you.
They also pray for us so that it won't be you.
Yes.
Some Buddhists, in the middle of the night, he can't sleep.
My phone is beeping.
Beep, beep, beep, beep.
I said, I said, brother, you are not a magician.
What you are experiencing is what all of us have experienced.
Just that we don't talk about it every morning.
So you feel maybe you feel as though it thinks are better for us.
But that's how it is.
That's how it is.
Just just move on.
Just keep moving.
You laugh.
You laugh somebody.
You wake up one morning.
You don't even know what you've done.
The person is just is the person has gone bonkers.
And you don't even know what you don't even know what the problem is.
So I said, my brother, go to bed.
Okay.
Go to bed.
Sleep.
Sleep when you wake up, just go to church.
It will be okay.
You will always see your nice ones, your nice faithful ones.
You will always be there smiling.
They will understand things.
Timothy, are you ready for number one?
Okay.
It's going to be short and quick.
We're already finished.
I've already said everything.
So the first thing we're gonna learn from Timothy is that the Great Commission is a commission to preach the word of God.
Okay?
He said, preach the word, preach the word.
So the Great Commission is to preach the word.
Don't preach anything else.
Preach the word of God.
When you go witnessing,
Don't try and sound too clever.
Is it deviating and moving away from the Word of God, moving away from John 3.16, John 1.12?
Moving away from these things, it's as if you're saying that it's not powerful and it's not relevant.
It is relevant.
Discussing and teaching economics and finance doesn't save any soul.
Changing the word of God into motivational speeches doesn't save souls.
That's why those who give those speeches at the end of their speeches, they don't make altar calls.
They don't add to the kingdom of God.
So you sit there and you listen and you wonder, where am I?
Am I in church or am I in a university lecture?
I mean, where am I?
What is happening?
What is going on here?
Why is there no verse?
I can start making clever statements.
You all start clapping.
Clever statements are very nice philosophical comments.
You start clapping because it sounds very impressive.
Very, very impressive.
And usually people who speak like that are the uneducated ones.
Because they don't have much education, so they try and they fight to sound very, very scholarly.
And they move away from the Bible.
And they move away from the Word of God.
It's all coming to church, preach, you see?
I've seen the year begun, I've said great commission.
Then I come, save souls, win souls, missions.
It's almost as though I don't have anything to say.
But that is the Word of God.
This is the Word of God.
So, I am I am trying to get you to appreciate the word of God more than anything else.
And when you get the chance to preach, preach the word.
Amen.
Preach the word.
Don't be spooky.
Don't sound spooky and don't don't try too much to come across as some very intellectual human being.
If you want to be intellectual, you want to have degrees, go to school.
Church is for souls.
Church is for salvation of souls, salvation of souls first.
Anything else you want to do, come and see me, I'll show you how to do it.
I'll show you how to do it, I'll show you how to do this.
Go here, go here.
school.
Tell you go back to school.
Tell you finish school.
Finish your schooling.
You are called.
Finish your schooling and answer the call.
Yes.
But when it gets to great commission, church, the word of God, you must let you see you must you must appreciate the word.
Appreciate the word more than anything else.
Don't just sit there.
You hear
a seminar for a business school.
You're so impressed.
Meanwhile, you're in church.
You've been here in lectures.
You've been for lectures all week.
Then you come to church to another lecture.
You can see that your lecture you've left in the university is better than the person speaking.
preach the word.
That's the instruction to preach the word.
Stay with the word.
No, no apologies.
Have no apologies for John 3 16.
Have no apologies for John 1 12.
Have no apologies.
No.
This is the word of God and this is salvation.
This is it.
A soul must be saved no matter how great, small,
important and important, significant, insignificant somebody is the person is a soul.
A soul is a soul and it is precious to God.
Everybody's soul is precious to God.
And a soul is a soul.
And be very, very, very confident.
Anybody ask me, this person is a soul.
Don't try, don't try too much and come across like, you know, it's very, very important so that in the day and the morning of evolution when you evolve, you're evolving,
would add to the cosmic presence.
What have I even said?
What does it mean?
I don't understand what I've said.
It's not part of the script.
So I was trying to make up words and come up with words that you might be impressed with.
cosmic evolution.
I don't know.
Then I throw in borrowing and lending and balancing and the virtual
I don't even know.
I met a young boy once, and I think he made a mistake because as soon as you feel everything, everybody's impressed by some things.
Asked him, what are you studying?
What do you want to do?
He started some of these words.
I remember the word virtual.
The rest I couldn't remember.
I was like, what is this?
What is this?
What are you even talking about?
Why is it going to take you to?
People don't like real things.
People don't like practical things.
The unlearned have a way of talking and they also have what they really, really, really appreciate in life.
The unlearned, an unlearned person likes certain things.
Or sometimes even your background.
Be careful when you have a poor background.
Because becoming rich becomes your dream.
And what you don't realize is that your aim is not to become rich.
You want to appear rich.
Yes, I just want to appear rich.
It becomes your dream that it's like, I also have this.
I also have this.
So you have a car, but the car is not for you.
But you see, it has an appearance.
It has an appearance.
Instead of getting yourself a Ford Fiesta or Corsa, not that they are not good cars, they are good cars.
But you can afford, instead of getting yourself that thing that you can afford and it's paid for, it is yours.
You have to say it is yours and you are sitting in it.
You are not appearing with Audi R8.
But you see, but you see for the unlearned person, the unlearned person, when you appear, when you are made, if you are being made the office, you don't even understand what offer you are being made because you are bamboozled with words and things to sign.
You feel, oh yes, I mean, I've got it.
I've got it.
They said they did credit check.
And I qualify for 250,000.
So there you feel so good.
You're like an uneducated bushman or woman.
And when you have a villager as your girlfriend or beloved or whatever you call her.
And you go and also show her what you are entitled to.
And then it's like, she's also dying.
It's like, my man is getting on me.
Sit down.
Are you understanding my preaching?
Yes.
He stopped telling me you are bringing a problem to the house.
You ever call your friends and say, my husband, he said he's passed something called credit check.
Number one, your poor background is having an effect on you.
Number two, you're uneducated.
So you don't even understand anything.
My husband has passed credit check.
So the banks said they would give it to him.
They said they would give it to him.
About 15 to 18 years ago, my bank manager visited me in my house.
Yes, I got a visit.
Visitation.
Yes.
In Louisian.
She came there.
She came there, my bank manager.
Personal, you know, the personal, yes.
She was there.
And I remember when she made that point that she came on visitation, I said, ah, is this woman a pastor?
She became a pastor.
But she came.
I offered her tea.
She said, no, she wants water.
So I gave her water.
Then she opened the laptop.
Then she started.
By the time she was ending her meeting, she said, look, you are such a wonderful customer.
I said, I know.
Then she mentioned,
thousands of pounds.
She said, she lifted her slim, long finger like this.
She said, just a click of a button and it will reflect in your account.
I should just say yes.
By that time I was saying to myself, a demon has come to the house.
Wednesday morning, that point was at 10 a.m. She was sitting there.
She said, just my finger.
Mr. Erie just a click you said you said you don't need to do anything I don't even need to sign anything just suggest this finger the money will move like that
Press.
Go in.
Okay, I'll give you a few minutes to think about it.
Let's talk about something else.
You know, a few minutes for me to think about it.
Slend the toe finger like this.
Click.
Click and I've signed my life away.
You see, the last time I read my Bible,
The last time I checked, I checked in the Bible.
He said, God said to the, God said to his people in the book of Deuteronomy.
He said, I will bless you.
And when he was talking about blessings to my awe and shock and surprise, he said, you will lend to people.
That's what God calls a blessing.
You will lend.
You will learn.
So I said, wow.
Darling.
Look at it.
For the Lord thy God blessed thee.
As he promised thee.
He blessed.
It means that when you are blessed, the things I will see is that you will learn and you will not borrow.
What does it mean?
If God says, I'll bless you and you rather give to people and you therefore you will not borrow.
What does it mean when you are borrowing?
What is what is it called when you are not blessed?
Yes.
So when you are when you are gloating and puffed up in borrowing,
You are spiritually uneducated and actually uneducated.
Yes.
You haven't had your quiet time.
Just from the, I'm not, I'm not even talking about economic.
I'm just with the Bible.
The Bible is telling me that borrowing is a case.
If I tell Justin, would you like to be
I said, no, but here, my just by my finger.
Hey, my husband, he's past that credit card.
We've got to be preach the word, okay?
But I said, preach the word.
So when you go on the mission, preach the word.
Preach the word.
Stay with the word.
I don't, I don't have, I don't have any
to sound any way or two.
I don't have such a bedding.
I have the bedding that you will love the word and you will know the word and you will understand that that's my bedding for.
I don't have any bedding to impress you.
Who I am, who I'm not.
I don't have such beddings.
That's why you can't see that my accent hasn't changed.
Yes.
But I've been in England longer than you.
From your age.
When I came, you were not born.
But can you see that my accent is the same?
Can you see, can you hear, can you hear why I come from?
Can you see that I sat on the boat to come here?
Oh, I swam.
It's a swimming.
See, there's no, there's no such pressure.
There's no such pressure.
Because I have to preach the word.
The word has to be preached.
We have to hear.
So also choose the word.
Study the word.
Know the word.
Believe in the word.
Study the word.
Know the word.
Be guided by the word and preach the word.
And love people who preach the word.
Love them, back them, pray for them, support them.
Let them be attractive to you, people who preach the word.
Number two.
Do you like Timothy's Great Commission?
Timothy's Great Commission says that preach in season and out of season.
In season and out of season.
There are only two times that you can preach in season or out of season.
In other words, preach when it's appropriate to preach and preach when it's not so convenient to preach.
It's still preach.
There's nothing like this is a good time and there's nothing like this is the right time.
The person you have met, that could be your very last time you ever see that person.
That could even be the person's last day on earth, last day.
So in season, don't say, don't say, I don't want to disturb, I want to be, I want to be, I want to be so, some of us, you are too correct.
You are too correct to be used by God.
Too apologetic about everything.
including the salvation of a soul.
But when you check your history, things you've done, is that the place to do it?
Is it cars that you do it?
Do you do it in cars?
Do you do it in buses?
Or trains or train stations?
Or you want me to say what it is?
Look at the different places that you've done.
in season and out of season.
Even when the time of the month does not permit you to do it, you still did it.
You've done it in cars, on buses, on trains.
in early ways, in classrooms, on football parks.
In the what?
The blocks.
They come to the block.
Where's the block?
The block is that boy over there.
It's there, it's there.
It means it's there, it's there.
I don't know no blocks.
You know, the when it gets to preaching the gospel, you become so correct.
It's that there's a time to preach.
There's a time you shouldn't preach.
But do you remember yourself?
Young lady, do you remember yourself?
Now, I'm talking to the ladies.
Do you remember yourself?
Have you seen this kind of high rise buildings, council blocks and things?
They have a place where they put the bins.
A room.
Yes.
Somebody went to catch some people there once.
Sit down, sit down, look.
behave yourself.
Let's speak.
In season and out of season, preach the word.
Preach the word.
Preach it.
Stop saying is this the right time?
This is not the right time.
When is the right time?
When is the right time to invite somebody to church?
When is the right time to take somebody to church?
When is the right time to say somebody give your life to Christ?
So I'm asking you about the other things.
Was it the right time?
Was it the right place?
Was it the right age?
Sit down so I can preach.
When you stand, I feel like it's closing.
What if your parents didn't even know?
And it's not like they were not in the house.
Your parents were in the house and you were also there.
You didn't even wait for them to go to work.
So preach in season and out of season.
Preaching school.
Preaching the office.
Preaching the train.
Preaching the bus.
Preaching at midnight.
Preaching the afternoon.
preach in the morning.
Any time is the right time.
Preach in season and out of season.
That's what Timothy is telling us.
That's because as fast as you're waiting to take it, if someone is going to hell, because of you, someone is going to hell.
So searching time to the person you speak, the worst they can say is no.
That's the worst they can say, no.
Otherwise, when is the right time?
Wow, number three.
The Great Commission is a commission to give sound doctrine, sound.
Sound doctrine speaks of things that are based on the word of God.
A lot of preaching is not sound.
Like I was saying earlier, it's not sound.
It's not based on the word.
It's based on speeches by Abraham Lincoln, Winston Churchill, Obama.
Because it's very impressive.
That's your preaching when I say, you know, I'm quoting from President Obama.
Then as I talk to you, I say to you that, you know, Boris Johnson said this and this.
It's like, wow.
He's widely read.
Yes, yes, yes.
He knows things.
I mean, it's like, you even say that I'm deep.
Amen.
But as I'm quoting verse after verse, I don't, it's like I don't get depth.
I don't even get claps.
It's like, you see, people don't even clap.
If I quote from Winston Churchill.
Amen.
I say, he said this.
Wow.
If I touch it up, what's his name?
The Indian man, Gandhi.
No, something else.
Is it Mahatma?
What?
Mahatma, not Mahama.
Mahatma Gandhi, okay.
Okay, Mahatma Gandhi.
I don't know, my mind will say it's Mahama Gandhi.
Mahatma Gandhi.
If I start cutting from these people, you'd be like, wow.
Wow, I like that church.
You know, the pastor, he has he has latitude.
He has latitude.
I mean, when he speaks, you can see that he respects.
He respects the different deities.
But you see, you need sound doctrine.
Sound doctrine.
That is things that are based on the word of God.
If you don't appreciate the word, it's very dangerous to add anything else.
Everything must be based on the word.
Word first.
Word first and more of the word before anything else.
Sound doctrine.
Sound.
That's what makes the doctrine.
The doctrine is teaching.
That's what makes a teaching sound when it's based on the word.
Number four.
I feel we are coming to an end.
Yes.
We're going to see, like he's saying, that time comes when people don't like sound doctrine.
They prefer other things.
Anyway, number four, the Great Commission is a commission to end deal afflictions.
Yeah, endear afflictions.
Preaching of the gospel, reaching out to lost souls, involves suffering, sacrifices, and losing.
And it's something you have to endear.
It sounds wonderful when we say,
preaching of the gospel involves suffering.
But if you ask me, are you asking me?
Yes.
If you ask me, I'll tell you that everything involves sacrifices.
People are sacrificing for other things.
Suffering.
People are suffering for things.
When someone is suffering from the gospel, then it's almost as though the person is visionless.
Because he's suffering because of the gospel's sake.
Because he's suffering because he went on missions.
Because he's suffering because he says he's a pastor.
I saw this guy, he's lost it.
But rather you have to respect that person.
Because you won't do what he's doing.
You won't do what he is doing.
You are too clever.
You are cleverer than God.
clear rather than the word of God.
Smarter, smarter, smarter than God's call.
So somebody has chosen the call of God and they're suffering for everything.
They're suffering for everything.
Have I not suffered in London?
I've suffered in London.
I have.
I've been penniless here before, penniless.
It's not, it's not as if you only suffer when you're preaching the gospel in some village.
But you two, have you not been broken in London before?
Are you not, perhaps, even as I'm speaking now?
Yes.
I've been broken in London.
I mean, super broke.
You know, there are levels of
Is it brockages or breakages?
Or brokenness?
I've been broke.
And I wasn't doing anything bad.
And I was in London.
Cold London like this.
Cold London.
We went for an all night once.
With my wife.
And it was just the two of us.
No babies.
We went for an all night.
We didn't go to, we didn't go clubbing.
We went for all night.
Going to lead people to pray.
Pray for people.
I remember that night, that night I've done Holy Ghost baptism.
People have received the guest speaking in tongue.
It was the last Friday before Christmas in that year.
Cold morning, cold morning.
Cold morning.
And we came out to catch the bus.
We lived at Brent Cross.
The all night was a chalk farm, if you know North London.
Came out, we sat on the bus.
We didn't sit on it, we climbed up.
So we counted, counted that changed.
My wife was the money keeper as most wives would like to be.
It's not a problem.
You should keep it, you use it.
So you don't know how it's done, you can come and see me.
Just let her keep it, you use it.
She took all the money we have out of pocket, knowing that she's counted everything in its exact amount, all put in there, this bus driver.
Instead of just collecting them, giving us a ticket to go and sit down, he started counting.
No problem, he has to do his work.
He counted.
And he said, two P more.
Two P. Have you seen that brown coin?
Two P. He said, we are short of two P. So I said, madam, you have the money.
Find a two P. She looked everywhere.
Winter coat, actual coat, virtual coat.
I also, I also, man of God, man of God, full of the Holy Ghost and power.
Also looked everywhere.
We didn't have to pee.
This man looked at us and said, sorry, you have to get off the bus.
I said, no problem.
Collected all the coins, put it in our pockets.
At least we got them richer.
All into our pockets.
Then we held hands and we walked.
We walked the length of Finchley Road, turned to our Cricklewood, turned to Brent Cross and got home.
And he was going to work that morning.
And I was going to bed.
He walked, freezing cold.
So it's in London.
It's here.
It's not like we're somewhere here.
If I ask you to be, would you not have given me to be?
Won't you give me to be?
Or you, or you, or you sit there and say fool, fool, will you work and give you a to be?
You say you preach the gospel.
Is that, is that what you say to me?
Will you insult me for asking me for to be?
Where was I come from?
I was not coming from a club.
Have I gone, have I gone with some girls to go and dance?
give me two P. How many of you give me two P?
For asking for two P. The place give me two P. I need two P to live.
If I ask you for ten pounds, will you not give me ten pounds?
I need ten pounds.
I'm not doing anything bad.
Yeah.
Don't I know that I could have gone to work all night to
instead of going to preach all night.
Do you think I don't know that?
Do you think people who are preaching don't know that?
I mean, come on.
Come on.
Do you think who have sacrificed some of yourself for your friends and your colleagues who have made a sacrifice and moved out of London?
Do you think they don't know that they could also be in London and be working and even if it's seven pounds an hour or two pounds fifty an hour, do you think they don't know that?
your eyes, see far in your brains, understand and appreciate things, appreciate that there are some people in this life who are like heroes.
What a country has an army, respect them, don't respect the army.
Do you think those people who are sitting there, they don't know that it is better and safer to be at home with Christmas tree and lights on?
Do you think they don't know that?
Why would they choose such a job?
And be there knowing, knowing, knowing that today as you are, today could be your last day.
I mean, a job that you are signing your life away.
Wow.
Will you call them fools?
No.
You will call soldiers fools.
But you will call missionaries and preachers fools.
Yes.
I mean, I mean, come on.
It comes with afflictions.
It's not news or it's not because somebody is a fool.
That the person has troubles.
I'll show you another scripture that says you will get troubles and see if you will back out of that thing.
Should I show you?
Yes.
Would you like to see?
I can just tell you, the Bible says that he that marries a woman shall have trouble.
He says that as you are going to preach and deal with it, he's not marries a woman, shall have trouble.
The same way that afflictions, flepsis, trouble, pain.
Have you had a ball somewhere that you can't tell anybody that there's a ball there?
That's how most marital problems are.
It's not something that you can discuss and announce.
because she's too beautiful to say that she's this way, she's that way.
Nevertheless, such shall have trouble in their flesh.
Will you stop?
You see, they don't know if he's saying it.
They don't know if he's saying yes or no.
These are descriptors of this one.
Just as he's saying in the other one that endure, you are preaching, endure afflictions.
In other words, afflictions, afflictions.
When you're a preacher, when you're a missionary, when you go all out for the Great Commission, there are afflictions, trouble, difficulties, difficulties.
There are difficulties in church planting so that you don't even know where to live.
You don't even know where to sleep.
Mother, you don't even know.
You don't have any way.
Are we going to sit in England and make fun of people who are supposed to be heroes?
Heroes.
Because you hear that they are broke.
Are you not broke, England?
Have you not been broke before?
Are you not broke?
Are you not in England and all people in the church that you haven't paid and you have sworn that you won't pay?
You have mastered how to borrow and not pay back.
When you see them, you rather put up a face on them.
Some of you should rather even be looking out for your friends and say, hey, this week I made 40 pounds.
I want to give you 20.
I'm sure trying to make a difference where you are.
give me your whatever.
Let me send 20 pounds to you.
Yeah.
Or even go on your knees and pray for them.
But you don't even pray.
How would even enter into your heart to even give 20 pounds?
If you pray for the person, you care for the person.
Even pray Lord help this person out there.
Lord help this person because the person is doing something that you can't.
You see the person's effort.
It's a shame to you.
Yes.
It's a shame to those who are
We would rather sit here and embrace something.
The Bible says it's a curse.
And pride ourselves in it.
That's how mentally retarded some have become.
Not you.
Some.
Wow.
I'm preaching a very good message.
Very, very, very good message.
Yeah.
somebody.
40 pounds.
He was like 40 pounds.
Because a person is doing something you can't do.
You can't do.
Because you are here changing your hairstyle and buying new jeans.
And thinking that is Christianity.
Why do you think all prime ministers, all presidents and things, have you seen, have you seen all of them make a move?
They go and visit an army somewhere.
Iraq.
Afghanistan because they know it's not it's not a natural thing.
It's not a natural thing to to give up your life, give your family, your children, your wife, your parents and go and sit in Afghanistan.
So, when Christmas is coming, whatever you say, they just go there.
It's like the prime minister or the president has come to have to visit the troops in Afghanistan because they know
It must be a call.
There must be something special about you.
There's something special about you.
Let every missionary be special in your eyes.
See them as heroes.
Clap for them.
Cheer them on.
Support them.
Love them.
Care about them.
Because they have done what you are afraid to do.
and what you can't do.
Some of you have even tried.
You couldn't stay.
Because it says endure afflictions.
You couldn't endure.
It's like this thing is too much.
Why?
But that's what I'm trying to do.
It says endure afflictions.
Endure afflictions.
Endure this trouble.
When you get used to the trouble, endure it.
Endure it.
There's no Saint's Breeze.
There's no Tesco.
There are no salons.
There's no running water.
That's what I'm saying.
Even when there is, do you do your hair every time?
Do you know what it takes to do your hair every time?
The church is quiet today.
It's not me.
It's Timothy.
You can't blame me.
When you see Timothy, you say, ah, but Timothy, why did you write this thing?
Why did you write it like that?
It's a great commission of Timothy.
Why did you write it?
Why did you write it like Matthew, go and teach all these things, baptizing them, so that we'll have our peace?
God, have you gone to break down things and say that and do your afflictions?
Do your afflictions.
Do your trouble.
Look, it's like a package.
It comes with it.
You laugh people.
You care.
All you have ever done to them is to laugh them.
It's to care for them.
It's to give them counsel and advice and direction.
But they just wake up one day.
It's like, no.
I don't want you anymore.
You don't even understand.
It's like, the person is just angry.
You don't even know why.
It's like, why?
Why?
I really like you, but it's okay.
Endear afflictions.
And if you like to be preachers of the gospel.
Wow, there's still not a lot of people.
If you like to be people who owe the banks.
No, no, no.
That's what will look great in your eyes.
great in your eyes that you know.
I owe, I owe.
Barclays, I owe them 249,976.
It's like the greatest achievement of your life.
I wish I could come and shake your hands and say congratulations.
That this is your dream of life.
This is of saving souls.
Even if you can't,
I admire those who are doing it.
That's all I'm saying.
Admire those who are doing it.
The presidents, they know they can't go and live in Afghanistan.
So they respect them.
It's actually you guys, what you've done.
I'm only visiting you for one day.
I'm going back to my wife.
But at least they are honest.
Okay, last one.
Then we are done.
It feels like Timothy has really disturbed you.
I feel like Timothy has disturbed you today.
But then he has also helped you.
How many of you realize that Timothy has helped you?
I mean, you didn't have a certain mind, but he has helped you.
Yes, he has helped you today to understand things better.
No, Timothy our helper.
Number five, the Great Commission.
It's a commission to do the work of an evangelist.
and to make full proof of the ministry.
Do the work of an evangelist.
You seen dancing stars dancing?
Do the work.
Do the work of an evangelist.
Do the work of everybody here.
Give the instruction to you, do the work of an evangelist.
The work of marriage is not your calling.
After you're married, that's not the end of life.
Do the work of an evangelist.
Make full proof of your ministry.
Get your degrees, get good degrees.
Don't tell us that you haven't finished.
Don't comment that you are deferring your course.
Oh, deferers, go back.
Go back and go and finish.
Don't mention that word defect when you're in this church.
Hear out.
Hear in.
I'll send you back in the name of Jesus.
Yes, hear in.
You're going back.
Go back and go and hear the afflictions of getting a degree and finish.
Yes.
Go back in.
back.
We have referred to you here.
My uni have messed me up.
This is the latest one is not uni.
They said student finance has messed me up.
What you mean?
What you mean by student finance has messed you up?
Student finance has messed you up.
Go back.
There are souls waiting for you on the campus.
Go and do the work of an evangelist.
God gave you access to that universe so that you will save souls.
So you can make full proof of your ministry.
Go back, go back and save souls.
Go back and be a center leader.
Be a basenter leader.
Go back and teach sound doctrine.
Go back.
Oh God, can't tell me that student finance has messed you up.
Where did you meet student finance?
What did you meet?
Is it him or her?
What did you meet for her to mess you up?
Go back and write all your exams.
Go back and do it.
All the retakes you have to do.
Go and take them.
May God give you grace to pass this time.
Yes, go and do all your retakes.
Go and do all.
Keep your head down like this.
Keep your head down.
Study.
Prepare.
And pass all your exams.
Go back.
He says, you know why you are there?
That God has put me here to do the work of an evangelist.
To do the work of an evangelist.
What can you do to pass on?
You and you will pass.
Amen.
You will pass.
I won't tell you that you have deferred.
You haven't deferred anything.
Am I saying something bad?
No.
Am I saying something good?
Yes.
Okay.
Do the work.
Amen.
do the work.
Do the work of an evangelist.
Anywhere there's a first lover, there's an evangelist.
I said anywhere there's a first lover, there is an evangelist.
Yes.
So, don't let Satan take you out of that place.
Well, you see, I was telling you because tell Satan, you are trying to stop me from doing the work of an evangelist.
I bind you in the name, I will pass my exams and be here.
And don't choose fancy courses that you don't understand.
Many years ago I met a man.
He must be around 40, 40 something, late 40s.
I went on visitation.
That's why I even discovered it because he never told me.
I went to visit him in his house.
And then on the, what do you call those tables?
Side tables, coffee table, whatever.
Right there was a book.
Aeronautic engineering.
And that book was for, was it applied maths or something?
I always remember that I opened and I saw integration, a subject called integration in it.
And I took it and I became happy with it.
I said, wow.
So I asked him, is this for your son or me?
I mean, who is doing this interesting math thing here?
Because he looked.
I was getting excited.
I need somebody to talk about to discuss some of the things I was looking at.
And he said, no, it's me.
I said, you.
I said, when we were 18, when I was 18,
This thing was not easy.
How much more 47 or whatever old you are?
Why?
I mean, why?
By the time I close the book and put it down, I was like, why are you doing that yourself?
Why?
Why are you doing this to yourself?
Why do you want to do this to yourself?
Why don't you do something that you can do?
But there are some things that you can do, and you finish quickly.
Later on I asked him that, did he finish it?
He said, oh, how?
You all thought that I was the one kissing him or having bad thoughts.
But later on I asked him, brother, I mean, how is the engineering course?
He said, I mean, his question to me was, I mean, how do I expect him to follow such a thing?
He said he stopped.
He said now he's a postman.
Isn't it easier?
How do you follow such a thing?
How can you follow?
I just, I couldn't say, but I was just thinking that I also didn't think that this was what you should be following.
What should you do something else?
So I'm saying to you that sometimes you choose fanciful things.
Choose things that you can kill off and kill it off fast to even boost your confidence in life.
Do the work of an evangelist.
Become evangelists in your school, on your campuses, in your class, in your office, at your workplace.
Whatever you do, become an evangelist there.
Is it say that be an evangelist?
Do the work of an evangelist.
It means that do what evangelists do.
So become evangelists wherever you are.
Ladies be evangelists on the world.
Make sure you're not sacked though, but evangelists on the world.
In season and out of season.
Yes.
No, I'm sure Boris Johnson will back you.
I think the times are changing a little bit, but I'm sure it's, I'm sure it's a little nicer now than some people.
slowly.
You have to watch me before you sing it.
Do the work of heaven and then make foolproof of that ministry.
May you finish your calling.
May you finish your race.
May nothing bump you out of your race.
You see because some of us we don't like correction.
sometimes we don't like difficulty.
So you're easily bumped out.
But on the journey of me, there'll be correction.
There'll be direction.
There'll be counseling.
Someone has to tell you, no, do this.
No, do it like this.
No stop.
Sometimes the work is tense.
There's tension in the work.
Yes.
So sometimes you'll be shouted at.
But it's not past now.
We all have something that we are dealing with.
Make full proof of your ministry.
Make sure you finish your calling.
Make sure you fulfill your calling.
Fulfill your ministry.
Fulfill.
Don't die with your ministry in you.
It will never be your story.
Fulfill your ministry.
Make full proof of your ministry.
God bless you.
Stand to your feet.
Do the work of an evangelist.
I think that's my favorite point.
Is that in the net?
It's you.
Oh, welcome.
Welcome from Brazil.
Do the work.
That's also Robert's daughter.
You're also the first one, isn't it?
Yeah, first girl.
First girls are special.
I told you.
Beautiful.
Are you going to do the work of an evangelist?
Everywhere you go, everywhere you are, trains, buses, campuses, office, be an evangelist there.
Be an evangelist there.
Do the work of an evangelist there.
Do the work.
Don't hold back.
You see, when you feel like talking to somebody that you feel like, oh, it's not the right time that you remember what Paul said to Timothy.
instant in season and out of season.
There are only two times that you can preach in season and out of season.
Every time cannot be out of season.
So he's saying that even out of season, do it.
Even out of season, do it.
Just as you did some other things out of season.
How many of you have done some things out of season before?
Thank you.
God bless you.
Just for lifting up your hands, may God bless you.
Receive a special new year blessing for lifting up your hand.
God bless you for your honesty, for not making me feel like an alien.
Or someone who imagines very crazy things.
Nice.
That's what you've done out of season, isn't it?
It's not the place to do it, or the time, or the age.
But you managed.
Oh, you find a way.
You managed.
And you told your mother that you were in the library.
time you do something bad and you are caught, don't leave the church.
Because as you can see everybody has done something before.
Just don't go.
Just say hey.
You just have to say messy.
That's all.
Why are you leaving the church because you've been caught?
Either you've been caught or you're about to be caught.
Don't run away.
You don't have to say what.
Merci.
The UVC, hey, these are pastors.
They can catch you to these pastors.
That's all.
Don't be angry.
Be angry.
I saw a football manager being shown
a yellow card the other day.
He said, he said, it's true I was rude.
No, he said, but I was rude to an idiot.
But all he said is that mess is true.
I'm guilty.
I deserve it.
But I was rude to an idiot.
This was an idiot.
So I'm just saying that when you are caught, what do you use?
You can't say somebody's an idiot.
You just have to say what?
Because if anybody should be called an idiot in that situation, you know who should be called an idiot in that situation, you know who should be called an idiot in that situation, you know who should be called an idiot in that situation, you know who should be called an idiot in that situation, you know who should be called an idiot in that situation, you know who should be called an idiot in that situation, you know who should be called an idiot in that situation, you know who should be called an idiot in that situation, you know who should be called an idiot in that situation, you know who should be called an idiot in that situation, you know who should be called an idiot in that situation, you know who should be called an idiot in that situation, you know who should be called an idiot in that situation, you know who should be called an idiot in that situation, you know who should be called an idiot in that situation, you know who should be called an idiot in that situation, you know who should be called an idiot in that situation, you know who should be called an idiot
Pray for yourself, the Lord.
Give me the grace to do the work of an evangelist.
The work of an evangelist.
You know places you could have preached that you didn't preach.
Pray to God today for boldness, for strength.
To do it.
That you will do it.
That you would do it.
Pray to Him.
for yourself pray for yourself in season and out of season in season out of season you can preach the word you preach sound doctrine the word sound doctrine is season out of season you will do the work of an evangelist the work of an evangelist pray for yourself pray for yourself pray for yourself
Pray for yourself.
But you'll be full of fire, full of zeal, full of boldness, strength, strength, strength, strength.
Greater things to be done.
Greater things to be done by you.
Greater things to be done through you.
pray for the Holy Spirit to fill you up, to fill you up, to fill you up for boldness, for strength, for power, power to be a witness, power to be a witness.
for the Holy Spirit.
Pray for the Holy Spirit.
Pray for more, more, more of the Holy Spirit.
To fulfill the great commission.
Pray for more of the Holy Spirit.
More and more and more of the Holy Spirit.
with your fire with zeal with passion zeal passion
the work of an evangelist lord.
To fulfill the great commission lord.
Let the power rest on us lord.
Ask him for the Holy Spirit.
He will give it to you.
He will give it to
Thank you Jesus.
May many souls be saved through you.
May many souls be affected
through your voice of preaching and sharing the gospel.
May many come to Jesus because of you.
Because of you.
May many lives avoid hell and come to Jesus because of you.
Thank you father for the Holy Spirit.
Please fill us with the Holy Spirit Lord.
To do the work of an evangelist.
Make us bold.
Make us strong.
Make us courageous Lord.
Fill us Lord with your sweet spirit Lord.
Thank you Lord for this beautiful blessing.
Help us Lord.
We need help.
We need supernatural help.
We need the Holy Spirit to do your work Lord.
To do your work Lord.
The harvest is great Lord.
Anoint us.
Anoint us for nations.
Anoint us for cities.
Anoint us for different places, Lord.
For souls to be saved.
The souls to be worn.
Thank you, Lord, for your precious Holy Spirit.
Precious Holy Spirit.
While every eye is closed, every eye is bowed.
You are here, you feel in your heart that you will love God to use you as a missionary in a nation
So, lift up your two hands and let me pray for you.
If you're here like that, you feel strongly in your heart.
Strongly.
Not because you feel strongly that Lord wanted to use me Lord.
Use me as a missionary.
Just lift up your two hands wherever you are.
Wherever.
Even only if you have that desired interest.
Father, pray for where all the hands lifted up Lord.
Identify them Lord by your spirit Lord.
Give them a chance.
Give them an opportunity.
I pray for them today, Lord.
That this desire will never die.
This desire will never be quenched, Lord.
Let there be open doors, Lord.
Draw them even closer to you.
Even closer and closer, Lord.
Let these ones, Lord.
Standing nations.
Standing cities, Lord.
For your namesake, Lord.
For no other reason than for your namesake, O God.
the souls will be saved.
Thank you for these hands Lord.
Thank you for these precious hearts of God.
Bless them Lord.
Bless them Lord and help them to fulfill their ministry.
Thank you Lord for your grace.
In Jesus name.
Amen.
Put your hands down.
I close every head bowed.
I also want to pray for you.
Somebody invited you to church.
Close your eyes.
Close your eyes with me.
Bow your heads.
We are praying.
It's a very important time.
This is the most important time in the service.
Somebody invited you to church today or perhaps you've been coming to church or going to church somewhere but deep in your heart, you feel far from God.
You want to say this afternoon, Pastor, pray with me.
I want to give my life to Jesus.
I want to be saved.
I want my sins to be forgiven.
I want to come to Jesus today.
Pastor, please pray with me.
If you are also here like that to say, Pastor, pray with me.
I want to give my life to Jesus very quickly.
Lift up your right hand wherever you are and I'll pray with you very quickly.
Just your right hand and I'll pray with you.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus.
I need Jesus in my life.
Just your right hand.
Lift up high so I can see you.
God bless you.
I can see your hands.
You also want to join in.
Every eye close, every head bowed is a very important time.
Pastor, pray with me.
I need Jesus.
I want Jesus in my life.
Just your right hand and I'll pray with you.
I can see those hands.
You also want to join in.
I want Jesus.
I want to I want to be a Christian.
I want my sins to be forgiven.
I want Jesus in my life.
Just your right and I'll pray with you.
God bless you.
Have your hand lifted up.
I want to do one more thing.
I want you to come to me right here in the front.
Come out of your seat and come to me.
Yes, come.
You lifted up your hand.
Come.
All of you lift it up your hand.
Come and join us here.
Come and
from wherever.
Baby, you didn't even lift up your hand but you want to give your life to Jesus today.
Come very quickly.
Come.
God bless you.
Yes, there is room.
Come.
It's a beginning of an important journey of your life.
You didn't lift up your hand, but you want to give your life to Jesus.
Come.
Thank you.
Close your eyes.
Everybody in this room, let's close our eyes.
And especially those of us in front.
And say this prayer after me.
Say this prayer with me.
Everybody here help us as we say this prayer.
Those of you from say it out loudly.
Say heavenly father.
Heavenly father.
Don't think it.
Say it.
Say heavenly father.
Heavenly father.
Thank you for today.
I am a sinner.
Please forgive me.
Of all the bad things I have done.
All the bad things I have done.
Please have mercy on me.
I believe in Jesus.
I believe Jesus is alive.
Lord Jesus.
Please come into my heart.
Please come into my life.
Be the Lord of my life.
Heavenly Father.
Please wash me.
With the blood of Jesus.
Please write my name.
In the book of life.
Thank you Father for accepting me and making me a child of yours.
In Jesus' name.
Father, I pray for all these wonderful ones here.
Bless them.
Anoint them.
Fill them with your sweet spirit Lord.
May they be great witnesses for you Lord.
Fill them with your Holy Spirit.
Through them many shall come to know you.
many, many shall come to know you.
Give them boldness, the boldness of the Holy Spirit Lord.
Thank you Lord that they shall be deeply planted and deeply rooted in your house Lord.
Thank you Lord for your blessing.
In Jesus' name, amen.
Amen.
Please receive these gifts.
God bless you.
I want you to always remember the message that was preached when you came to give your life to Christ.
The great commission according to Timothy.
Do the work of an evangelist.
Be preachers.
Next week when you are coming, don't come alone.
Come with somebody else.
We should have told you before you came today that come with your friend.
Come with somebody.
Won't you have loved your friends to also be saved today?
Will you have liked it?
Yes.
So next week, come with them.
Tell them there's something important in life that you have just discovered.
It's very, very important.
More than all the things you have thought that were important.
You have found that salvation of a soul is very, very important.
You've only thought about new shoes and new trainers and hairstyles and new boyfriend and new girlfriend.
But suddenly there's another world in life.
So next week,
bring others.
I feel, I don't know, I have a feeling of joy and a bit of jealousy for you because of the day you got saved, the message you had.
I feel this is one of my best messages I have preached in my life.
Yes, especially the point, do the work of an evangelist.
Do the work of an evangelist.
So God bless you next week.
Come to church again, but don't come alone.
Be a soul winner right from today.
Your missionary work begins today.
missionary work begins today.
Come with another soul.
And at the close of service, can you see where it's written?
Salvation Corner, where these guys are waving.
Yes, we'd like to see you briefly at the close of service.
Just come here and then we'll talk to you briefly before you go home.
God bless you and welcome to Jesus.
Let me go back to your seats.
Take your seats as we receive the communion.
The Lord thy God in the midst of thee.
He's mighty.
So mighty.
The Lord thy God.
in the midst of being.
He's mighty, so mighty, and I saw Him
In the me
Let there be miracles.
Let there be healings.
Let there be deliverance.
Let the marks of the enemy be blotted out by the power of the blood of Jesus.
Let every curse be wiped away Lord.
Let sins be forgiven.
Let the effect of sin be washed away and be
that are the eating of the body of Christ and the drinking of his blood.
Strength comes to your people Lord.
Strength whether it's weakness Lord.
Strength whether it's weakness Father.
It comes to your people.
Thank you for healing.
Thank you for your blessing.
I bless every bread.
I bless every cup.
And I declare this is the body of Christ.
And this is the blood of Jesus.
Satan is defeated in your life.
Satan is overthrown in your life.
Every area where he's settled, he's overthrown this afternoon.
In Jesus name, the body of Christ.
Eat it.
the blood of Jesus.
Drink all of it.
You want to eat all of it, isn't it?
Eat all is the body of Christ.
Take the break and share.
Eat all for healing,
for a clear mind, for power.
You will make right decisions from today.
And I saw him.
lifted up with power and grace and authority
that we shall see you, we shall experience you, highly exalted in our midst.
May you be mighty in our midst, in this church, in our lives Lord.
Thank you for the blessing.
Thank you for the blessing of expansion, increase, adding souls to our lives Lord.
May it be well with everybody seated under the sound of my voice.
May it be well with them Lord.
Whatever has caused a disturbance, nothing is removed from your life today.
I cast nothing in Jesus name.
It shall be well with you.
Amen.
It is well with you.
You will have peace in Jesus name.
Amen.
Say a big amen.
Say a powerful amen.
Amen.
Receive something good.
Good things shall happen to you.
Amen.
You didn't say amen.
What an amazing message that was.
Thank you, Bishop Richard, for that powerful word of God.
You can relive the first love experience by rewatching this video again on the First Love Church UK Facebook page.
You can also download the First Love Church UK podcast and listen to many more powerful messages preached by Bishop Richard Iey.
Church Next Week will be held right here again at the Kia Oval at 1.30pm.
Be sure to come along and invite a friend or watch online.
Have a blessed week.
We hope that you've been blessed by this message.
For more information, follow us on social media.
Search for First Love Church London on Facebook and YouTube and First Love UK on Twitter and Instagram.
Have a blessed week.